Update Get-CaseHoldRule.md (#11506)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Get-CaseHoldRule.md

```

## DESCRIPTION

> In large environments, running this cmdlet without any parametersresults in a timeout. As a workaround, you can run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In large environments, running this cmdlet without any parameters results in a timeout. As a workaround, you can run the following command:
```
